Introduce the transient files engine (#42877)
woocommerce/woocommerce: plugins/woocommerce/src/Internal/TransientFiles/README.md

# Transient Files Engine

## Index

* [Summary](#summary)
* [Contents of the engine](#contents-of-the-engine)
* [The code API](#the-code-api)
* [Hooks](#hooks)
* [The HTTP file serving endpoint](#the-http-file-serving-endpoint)

## Summary

> The WooCommerce transient files engine allows to create transient files. We define a _transient file_ as a physical file (in the server filesystem) that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The WooCommerce transient files engine allows for the creation of transient files. We define a _transient file_ as a physical file (in the server filesystem) that:
```

* Has a random name.
* Can have any arbitrary content.
* Lives in a dedicated subdirectory inside the WordPress `uploads` folder (customizable via [hook](#hooks)).
* Has an expiration date.

> * Its contents can be retrieved via [unauthenticated HTTP endpoint](#the-http-file-serving-endpoint).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Its contents can be retrieved via an [unauthenticated HTTP endpoint](#the-http-file-serving-endpoint).
```
